doc/engine/Body.md, before:

Body
====

Constructor
-----------

### Body(world, type, x, y, angle, shapes, body_prop, ignore_parent_transform)
Construct a new physics Body object. The actual body, shapes, and fixtures will not be created until init().

_PARAMETERS_
* __world__ <kbd>World</kbd> - The physics world.
* __type__ <kbd>string(BodyType)</kbd> - The body type: 'static', 'dynamic', or 'kinematic'.
* __x, y__ <kbd>number</kbd> - The initial position of the body.
* __angle__ <kbd>number</kbd> - The initial angle of the body.
* __shapes__ <kbd>table</kbd> - The shape/fixture data for the body. In the following format:
```lua
	{
		-- shape 1
		{ 'shape type', {shape_arg_1, shape_arg_2, ...}, prop=value, prop2=value2, ... },

		-- shape 2 - Example:
		{ 'circle', {50} },
		-- shape 3 - Example:
		{ 'rectangle', {25, -10, 300, 100, math.pi/4}, groups={1, 5, 6, 7}, masks={3}, density=5}
	}
```
*
	* Available shape types are: 'circle', 'rectangle', 'polygon', 'edge', and 'chain'.
	* Available shape(fixture) properties are: 'sensor', 'groups', 'masks', 'friction', and 'restitution'.

* __body_prop__ <kbd>table</kbd> - Any non-default properties for the body.
	* Available body properties are: 'linDamp', 'angDamp', 'bullet', 'fixedRot', and 'gScale'.
* __ignore_parent_transform__ <kbd>bool</kbd> - For dynamic and static bodies only: if the body should be created at global `x`, `y`, and `angle`, rather than interpreting those as local to its parent. After creation, these body types will completely ignore their parent's transform, as usual.

Commit message:

Body - remove `world` param, search tree for World on init. * This seems really inefficient, but the usability is awesome.

doc/engine/Body.md, after:

Body
====

Game Objects linked to a physics body. They can be dynamic, static, or kinematic, and have any number of fixtures with different properties.

Bodies _must_ be descendants of a World object in the scene tree. On init they will search up the tree for the closest World object, and create their physics body within that World's Box2D physics world (or error if no World is found).

> It seems pretty inefficient to search up the tree for a World every single time a Body is initialized, but it means you never have to manage references to physics worlds at all, which is great.

Constructor
-----------

### Body(type, x, y, angle, shapes, body_prop, ignore_parent_transform)
Construct a new physics Body object. The actual body, shapes, and fixtures will not be created until init().

_PARAMETERS_
* __type__ <kbd>string(BodyType)</kbd> - The body type: 'static', 'dynamic', or 'kinematic'.
* __x, y__ <kbd>number</kbd> - The initial position of the body.
* __angle__ <kbd>number</kbd> - The initial angle of the body.
* __shapes__ <kbd>table</kbd> - The shape/fixture data for the body. In the following format:
```lua
	{
		-- shape 1
		{ 'shape type', {shape_arg_1, shape_arg_2, ...}, prop=value, prop2=value2, ... },

		-- shape 2 - Example:
		{ 'circle', {50} },
		-- shape 3 - Example:
		{ 'rectangle', {25, -10, 300, 100, math.pi/4}, groups={1, 5, 6, 7}, masks={3}, density=5}
	}
```
*
	* Available shape types are: 'circle', 'rectangle', 'polygon', 'edge', and 'chain'.
	* Available shape(fixture) properties are: 'sensor', 'groups', 'masks', 'friction', and 'restitution'.

* __body_prop__ <kbd>table</kbd> - Any non-default properties for the body.
	* Available body properties are: 'linDamp', 'angDamp', 'bullet', 'fixedRot', and 'gScale'.
* __ignore_parent_transform__ <kbd>bool</kbd> - For dynamic and static bodies only: if the body should be created at global `x`, `y`, and `angle`, rather than interpreting those as local to its parent. After creation, these body types will completely ignore their parent's transform, as usual.
