doc/engine/physics.md, before:

Physics
=======

A physics utility module. Helps manage named collision groups so you don't have to remember arbitrary numbers.

> Note: Here and in `Body`, I use the term 'group', but I'm actually talking about what Box2D calls 'categories'. Box2D's 'group index' feature seems pretty unnecessary, so I ignored it, and the word 'group' is a lot shorter than 'category'.

Module Functions
----------------

### physics.set_groups(...)
Saves a table mapping string names to physics category indices (1-16). Pass in up to 16 different strings (as individual arguments).

### physics.groups(...)
Gets a list of group indices from mapped group names. Pass in up to 16 different strings (as individual arguments).

_RETURNS_
* __groups__ <kbd>table</kbd> - A table of category indices corresponding to the group names given. You can give this directly to the `Body` constructor for a shape's 'groups' or 'masks' property, or the `Body.setMask` method.

### physics.groups_except(...)
Gets the opposite of `physics.groups`: a list of all group indices _except_ the ones corresponding to the group names given. Pass in up to 16 different strings (as individual arguments).

_RETURNS_
* __groups__ <kbd>table</kbd> - A table of category indices corresponding to all the group names _not_ given. You can give this directly to the `Body` constructor for a shape's 'groups' or 'masks' property, or the `Body.setMask` method.

### physics.group_index(group_name)
Gets the corresponding index of a named group. Can be useful for checking collision results.

_PARAMETERS_
* __group_name__ <kbd>string</kbd> - The physics group name to get the matching index of.

_RETURNS_
* __index__ <kbd>number</kbd> - The group index.

Commit message:

Doc - Add/update 'Basic Usage' for physics, Scene-tree, & Camera.

doc/engine/physics.md, after:

Physics
=======

A physics utility module. Helps manage named collision groups so you don't have to remember arbitrary numbers.

> Note: Here and in `Body`, I use the term 'group', but I'm actually talking about what Box2D calls 'categories'. Box2D's 'group index' feature seems pretty unnecessary, so I ignored it, and the word 'group' is a lot shorter than 'category'.

Basic Physics Usage
-------------------

Add a World object to your scene, and add Bodies as descendants of it.

When Bodies are init they search up the tree for the nearest World (reporting an error if they don't find one). As an Object in the scene tree, the World will get updates and pass them on to the Box2D world. The World will use `Object.call()` to send callbacks to each Body involved in a collision and any scripts it has. By default all the callbacks are enabled, you can disable them when you create the World. See the World documentation for the list of callbacks. 

Module Functions
----------------

### physics.set_groups(...)
Saves a table mapping string names to physics category indices (1-16). Pass in up to 16 different strings (as individual arguments).

### physics.groups(...)
Gets a list of group indices from mapped group names. Pass in up to 16 different strings (as individual arguments).

_RETURNS_
* __groups__ <kbd>table</kbd> - A table of category indices corresponding to the group names given. You can give this directly to the `Body` constructor for a shape's 'groups' or 'masks' property, or the `Body.setMask` method.

### physics.groups_except(...)
Gets the opposite of `physics.groups`: a list of all group indices _except_ the ones corresponding to the group names given. Pass in up to 16 different strings (as individual arguments).

_RETURNS_
* __groups__ <kbd>table</kbd> - A table of category indices corresponding to all the group names _not_ given. You can give this directly to the `Body` constructor for a shape's 'groups' or 'masks' property, or the `Body.setMask` method.

### physics.group_index(group_name)
Gets the corresponding index of a named group. Can be useful for checking collision results.

_PARAMETERS_
* __group_name__ <kbd>string</kbd> - The physics group name to get the matching index of.

_RETURNS_
* __index__ <kbd>number</kbd> - The group index.
